Q. What will be the advantages of Multiple Sessions in JEE Main 2021?
Ans: This will give multiple opportunities to the candidates to improve their scores in the examination if they fail to give their best in one attempt. Also, If anyone missed the examination due to reasons beyond control (such as Board examination), then he/she will not have to wait for one full year.

Q. In which session Paper 1 (B.Tech) and Paper 2 (B.Arch (2A) & B.Planning (2 B) be conducted?
Ans: The Paper 1 of JEE Main 2021 will be held in all four Sessions in February, March, April, and May 2021 whereas Paper 2A (B.Arch) & Paper 2B (B. Planning) will be held only twice a year (February & May 2021).

Q. Can candidates apply for one session or more than one session together?
Ans: Candidates have the option to apply for one Session or for more than one Session (February/March /April /May 2021) together and pay exam fee accordingly.

Q. What is new in JEE Main 2021?
Ans: NTA will conduct JEE Main 2021 in four sessions in February, March, April and May. The exam will be conducted in 13 languages and there will be choices within questions in Numerical Value Questions as well. Also, there will be choice in Numerical Value Questions.

Q. How many attempts can I give in JEE Main 2021?
Ans: The total number of attempts will be four in JEE Main 2021 as exam will be conducted in four session.

Q. Whether a candidate has to fill up the separate Application Form for each session?
Ans: No, the candidate has to fill up one Application Form for all sessions. If he/ she fills up now, there will be only one Application Form. If he fills up now (for a few sessions), and choses to fill up the application for the other sessions later, the same Application Form will be shown to him later on, once the Application Forms.

Q. Can a candidate correct/ change in his/her particulars including City of Exam Centre in the Online Application?
Ans: Yes, candidates may correct/ change his/her particulars including City of Exam Centre in the Online Application, when the correction window will be opened under intimation to the candidates through Public Notice for each Session.

Q. If any candidate did not apply for the February session, can he/she apply for the remaining session?
Ans: Yes, if any candidate did not apply for February Session, then he/she can apply for remaining Sessions. The application window will be re-opened briefly immediately after the declaration of the result of February / March/ April Session.

Q. Which score will be considered in the compilation of Result and Preparation of Merit List / Ranking
Ans: A candidate has a choice to appear in one/ more sessions. He/ she will be awarded an NTA score in each session based on his performance. The candidate’s best NTA Scores of all the sessions in which he/ she has appeared will be considered for preparation of Merit List/ Ranking.

Q. I have no access to a computer and no experience with online exams. How can I prepare for the exam?
Ans: More than 4000 schools and engineering colleges with internet and computer facilities in every region will be facilitating free practice sessions on every Saturday and Sunday for JEE Main 2021 aspirants. Student registration has to be done in online mode.

Q. Is it mandatory to give the exam for times or can I give once? If I give the exam both the times, which score will be considered?
Ans: This will be purely the candidate's choice. Whether he/she wishes to give one attempt or two is entirely up to them. In case they have attempted both the exams, the better of the two scores will be used for the purpose of ranking in the merit list.

Q. When will mock tests be available from? How to access them?
Ans: JEE Main mock tests are available in online mode on the official website of NTA. The tests can also be downloaded by students who can work at their pace if they have a computer system. Students who do not have a computer may register and walk into any of the JEE Main 2021 practice centres that will be announced soon and will be able to practice every Saturday and Sunday.

Q. What are the dates for JEE Main 2021 exam?
Ans: The National Testing Agency has announced JEE Main exam dates 2021 for all four sessions. The first session was held from February 23 to 26 followed by March (15, 16, 17 & 18). JEE Main April postponed leading to a question mark over the conduct of May dates as well.

Q. Which scanned images have to be uploaded in the JEE Main application form?
Ans: Candidates have to upload the scanned images of their photograph and signature in the application form of JEE Main 2021.

Q. Is Aadhaar Card number mandatory for JEE Main 2021?
Ans: No, Aadhaar Card number will not be mandatory. The candidates will be able to use any Government identity number such as Passport, voter ID, ration card and more.

Q. When will slot booking be available for JEE Main 2021?
Ans: There will be no slot booking. Allotment of slots will be done randomly by the NTA authorities.

Q. When will we be able to access the admit card?
Ans: The admit card of JEE Main 2021 will be released as per the schedule of each session.

Q. When will the JEE Main 2021 result be announced?
Ans: JEE Main 2021 exam result dates will be announced a few days after the exam will be held.

Q. Who will conduct the JEE Main 2021 Counselling?
Ans: Joint Seat Allocation Authority (JoSAA) will be responsible for the counselling of JEE Main 2021 qualified candidates.

Q. Which are the participating institutes of JEE Main 2021?
Ans: The JEE Main 2021 qualified candidates will be able to apply for admission into 31 NITs, 25 IIITs and 28 CFTIs. From 2019, 2 IIITs and 5 CFTIs have been added to the list of JEE Main participating institutes.